Add usage instructions and whether-to-use advice (#555)
jspecify/jspecify: docs/docs/applying.md

# Applying JSpecify Nullness Annotations

If your code has no nullness annotations, we recommend starting with one class
or package at a time, ideally one that depends on as few others as possible.
Then move outward from called code to its callers.

In the future, we'll have suggestions for
[tools that can automate some of this process](https://github.com/jspecify/jspecify/issues/553).

## 1. Look for nullable type usages

> Look for methods, parameters, and fields where some part of the type component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look for return types, parameters, and fields where some part of the type component
```

The `methods` doesn't make clear what part to look at. Alternatively, remove the `parameters`, as that would be subsumed by `methods`.

Author: How's this?

it finds any nullness problems, resolve them and rerun:

*   Maybe you missed an annotation: something should be `@Nullable` or
    `@NonNull` that isn't?
*   Maybe your implementation code needs some annotations (type arguments in
    local variable declarations or cast expressions)?
*   Maybe you have a case where static analysis won't be able to tell that
    something is null-safe, but you know it is. For example, if you call a
    method that you know won't return `null` *for these arguments*, then you
    might just dereference the returned value—but your analyzer might still
    complain.
    *   In this case, it makes sense to suppress the nullness error from your
        analyzer with a `@SuppressWarnings` annotation and document why your
        logic is safe anyway.
*   Maybe your code has an actual nullness bug? If so, annotating your code
    helped you find it!
    *   If you can't fix the bug right now, your nullness analysis tool should
        allow you to suppress the error with a `@SuppressWarnings` annotation,
        or some other mechanism that lets you keep track of these as TODOs.

> *   Maybe your nullness analyzer has a bug? (This is unlikely, but possible

Reviewer 2: I am trying to decide whether "unlikely" is too strong a word at this point... :)(

Author: How's this?
